1- change services names in docker compose to be insta-post-ms & insta-user-info-ms instead of 
insta-ms-post & insta-ms-user-info...also u might need to change the urls inside the application.yaml 
so that things works fine when we don't use eureka

2- fix issue when trying to make requests through swagger editor..

3- understand and try different values for each property used in configuring the eureka
as a client and as a server..


4- i added the certificate to postman as follows:- 
setting >> certificates >> add certificate 
then passed the following params
host: localhost & port: gateway port (8080 or whatever u specified in docker compose)
then uploaded the edge.p12 to PFX file
then set password to the password set when creating the certificate
then tried to make a request with https protocol instead of http 
but i got an error that "ssl error self signed certificate" 
so i had to disable ssl certificate verification..also removed my certificate 
from postman as it is no longer needed after disabling ssl verification
the question is how to enable ssl verificartion and use the certificate file and make request passes ?
eh hya el self signed certificate asln we eh hwa el ssl verification ??
we ezay asln el server byrod be response lma shlt el certificate mn el postman ?? ma kda ay 7d 
momken yb3t request b2a we y3dy mn 8er ma ykon m3ah certificate!! did i  miss something ??
after adding certificate to server only, i have to access the api's using https through browser
but the browser says that this is not secure as the browser does not have a valid certificate!!
how https works ??


5- Replacing a self-signed certificate at runtime is not implemented as it is not implemented by book author,,but 
some hints are provided..check book page [ 309 & 310]

6- when i secured the eureka with basic auth and didn't configure clients to send credentials when calling eureka 
the client failed to register itself in eureka but the error logs were not descriptive..so i want a way to see the 
requests going out from my user-info service and the response recieved..








